Hello and welcome.
This lecture I want to provide a demonstration for our previous challenge on the abstract factory method
design pattern.
Before we dive into the solution I want to show you the class diagram that represents the solution.
Here is the class diagram that represents the products the products are either a Hollywood movie or
a Bollywood movie.
So this interface right here in the middle here is our Hollywood movie that has two different types
either in action or comedy Hollywood movie and then below that as our Bollywood movie product which
has a Bollywood action movie or comedy action movie.
Well you'll notice here is the products actually are different types for each type of movie.
But the way that we organize our factories are a little bit different.
Our factories are organized around either action or comedy.
So when we have our families of factories where they're going to have comedy movies or action movies.
So the action movies can actually return a Hollywood or a Bollywood comedy can return a Hollywood or
a Bollywood comedy.
That's how we organized the the basic example.
Now we could organize this instead of action and comedy by the type of the movie The Hollywood or the
Bollywood.
But this is the first Lucian I want to show you is again two products Hollywood Bollywood.
They have types based on genre action or comedy are abstract method factory pattern which is determines
which factory to return.
Our factories are organized around either Hollywood or Bollywood action or Hollywood or Bollywood comedy.
And then we have our clan at the top.
So let's dive right in and see what this looks like.
It's bring up our intelligence.
First thing we're gonna do is we're going to create our product which is our Hollywood or Bollywood
and so those are gonna be two interfaces.
We're gonna name this project our solution to our abstract factory method.
So we'll just say Abstract Factory method solution.
First thing I want to do is create our first family of products which is our Hollywood movies.
So I want to create our interface for our Hollywood Hollywood interface.
How about Hollywood movie interface.
Hollywood movie interface that's just gonna contain a single method to get the name.
So it's gonna be a string return a String get movie name and not take any parameters.
The classes that implement this will be either comedy Hollywood movie or action Hollywood movie.
So let's go out now that are class Hollywood
would action movie implements a Hollywood movie interface.
And again we're just gonna hard code the behavior in here not going to really do anything important
and it's going to return basically a movie.
So we'll say public
string get movie name
and this is going to return a movie such as True Lies is a Hollywood action movie.
That's an old one from the 90s.
Not sure if you guys know that.
A lot of young people maybe.
Arnold Schwarzenegger was in it.
We'll create our Bollywood or a Hollywood comedy movie sorry.
Because we're implementing the Hollywood movie interface.
This is our Hollywood comedy movie again implements this interface.
And the name for the comedy movie is gonna be something different.
Obviously this will be a great movie name.
And this will return the jerk.
This is an old one from Steve Martin the jerk is a Hollywood comedy movie.
So we create our first family of products which is our Hollywood movie interface.
Now let's create another family of products which would be our Bollywood movie interface
and a new class.
This will be a Bollywood movie interface.
This will be an interface.
So we'll say interface.
And this will be just like the other one it's just going to return our movie name.
So we'll see a string get movie made.
Pretty basic.
We know how to create all of our products.
We've been doing that quite a bit.
And our Bollywood action and comedy movies will have to implement this name we'll just say and I'm not
real familiar with a lot of Bollywood action or comedy movies so why would action movie implements our
Bollywood movie interface.
The annotation
get movie name.
This is going to return Bang Bang is a Bollywood action movie and I'm not sure what that action movie
is.
But I guess it's an action movie.
We'll do another comedy movie for Bollywood.
Bollywood comedy movie meets our Bollywood product interface another over and method
get movie name.
This one will return.
Now I'm not sure what this is Munna and PBS is a Bollywood comedy movie and I have no idea if it is
or not but hopefully this so it's relevant.
OK.
Now we have our product families our Hollywood movies our Bollywood movies.
Next thing we need to do is we want to create our abstract method our interface for that which is going
to be in a movie factory.
So let's say new and this one will be actually be movie interface movie Factory interface.
How about that movie Factory interface.
And in here we're just going to return either a Hollywood movie or a Bollywood movie.
So we're gonna have a Hollywood movie interface and we're gonna have a method called Get Hollywood.
This should look familiar from our example right.
This is our abstract method where we'll have our product
grab the right factory either the Hollywood movie or while they're actually Hollywood money or face
or get a Hollywood movie.
This actually isn't our abstract method right because this is in the family of products
Oh actually yes it is because we'll read turning either action movies or or comedy movies.
But what's going to be returned as a Hollywood movie interface or a Bollywood movie interface.
So this is our abstract method.
Sorry about that.
I always get confusing about the grouping in this case.
So we're gonna have a Bollywood movie interface and that's gonna get our Bollywood movie.
Let's make it correct spelling.
And now we're going to implement the factories.
All right we're gonna have an action movie factory or a comedy movie factory.
So here we'll say action movie Factory implements our movie Factory
movie Factory interface.
So here we're gonna return a Hollywood movie interface get a Hollywood movie.
And this is just going to return a new Hollywood action movie.
And for the Bollywood public Bollywood interface get a Hollywood
movie.
This is going to return a new Bollywood Bollywood action movie.
There we go.
OK so you understand what's going on here.
We got our movie Factory interface and it's going to return to us.
The correct interest types we're implementing factory methods here.
It's gonna return either a Hollywood action movie or a Bollywood action movie.
Now let's implement our comedy movie Factory which is gonna be just like the action movie Factory except
it's going to return comedy movies so we can replace action with our comedy movie factory can implement
the same interface.
We're going to return a Hollywood movie except we're going to return comedy
comedy.
I'm sorry No we're gonna reserve return Hollywood.
I think in Hollywood comedy and put in the wrong spot.
Hollywood comedy
and Bollywood comedy.
There we go.
So now we have our two factories either comedy movie factory in action movie factory and we organized
them around returning the correct movie genre right.
Either a Hollywood action movie or Bollywood action movie.
The factory families are based on either the Hollywood movie type or the Bollywood movie type.
That's why they're returning one of these two now and create a client and we'll just name this client
by having a factory producer so we'll say factory producer
factory producer is going to look just like our previous.
So we turned a movie factory so we can say public static movie Factory interface get factory and we
can have a choice.
And then inside here we can say if choice equals ignore case if it's going to equal a comedy
that we want to return a new comedy movie Factory
House.
If the choice
equal in your case action we're gonna return a new action movie factory just like within the previous
one that's another layer of abstraction.
And then in our client we can call this method determine the right factory to get so here we can say
movie Factory interface.
Action movies equals
factory producer get factory and we can pass an action
for our action right and that will call our factory producer look for action.
Once we have the right factory we can then get the right product type so we can create a Hollywood movie
interface and we can say H.
Action.
And that will be equal to our action movies that get Hollywood movie.
Will return.
The right one.
We can then also create a Bollywood movie interface.
It's a B action and that will equal R get Bollywood.
All right.
We can then display what the action movies are to the client as output.
Something like this
to each action doc get movie name and so forth.
Just need to put this in a public static void main
so
we can do the same for comedy movies.
We can create a movie factory for comedy movies
and do similar things.
Here we would change our name to comedy
and also our instant steams to comedy
and comedy.
Then we would put out the results of that and we would see that our abstract factory method worked correctly.
Let's take a look and see what this produced.
We run the client
you'll notice that the right movies were created action movies are true lies and Big Bang comedy these
are the jerk and so forth.
Now there are a lot of different ways to implement this.
And I did want to mention a couple of things that could be improved here.
We organized our factory in factories around action and comedy movies.
We didn't have to do this.
We could have actually organized everything around Hollywood versus Bollywood.
Let's take a look at that example of changing a bit to see how you can organize it around movies.
So here we would say class Hollywood
movie Factory and this would say get Hollywood movie but it would take a string
so we would actually change this
and then we would also type in what we were doing here is we would say if the if the type that equals
action
then we auditory turn.
New Hollywood action movie.
Else if the type thought equals comedy.
Then we return a new Hollywood comedy movie.
The issue with this is now the Bollywood get Bollywood movie.
Would it be able to return anything because
we don't have that type of return.
No because it's a Hollywood movie factory not a comedy movie factory.
So we would have to say return.
No.
And this again is the problem with a simple notation is that in face the segregation problem and then
we will change the comedy movie factory to a Bollywood movie Factory.
And this would be similar except the Hollywood movie interface Forget Hollywood movie.
Again they both would take a string.
This would actually have to return.
No.
Because the factories and organize their front they're not organized around action or comedy anymore.
And then what this one would do is
this one would have the look for the genre types right.
So we'd look for type equals nor case action and this sort of return a new Bollywood action movie.
Else if type equals ignore case comedy to return a new Bollywood comedy movie.
Right.
And then we might have to add some code to return novels and so forth.
So then that would mean that the client would have to change and also the factor producer because we're
no longer returning a comedy movie factory or returning certain types of movies.
So here it would be Hollywood movie versus Bollywood movie.
And then again returning a new Hollywood movie Factory versus a Bollywood movie Factory.
And then lastly changing the client to be organized around now.
So what we would do is we want to get the action movies.
We would get either Hollywood movie factory and then pass in Hollywood movie
and the action movie would then be a Hollywood movie action
or
same thing but at each comedy
Hollywood movie.
With comedy and we would do something very similar for the Bollywood movies.
Again we're organizing round type of movie as opposed to Jara a movie.
So we could say each action not a movie name.
It's comedy right.
And then we would do something very similar with Bollywood.
Something like this.
Now we have Bollywood.
Hopefully this doesn't confuse you more.
But I'm trying to show you that there's many different ways you can do it.
You know organize your product the families.
Then we
we want to print out our action movies each action
B action
on our comedy movies.
Each comedy and become
so I had to go ahead and build this I had to make some corrections based on you know using the right
types.
I had some mis ties for Bollywood movie and get Bollywood movie.
Make sure that when I was getting the Hollywood movies I was returning to Hollywood Munir face and calling
get a Hollywood movie and the same for Bollywood.
I also had to correct a couple of things in my changes for the movie factor in your first because I
added the new types make sure they're all types.
But this is a different way to design it will fade and confuse you more.
Mainly again what we did.
Just to recap is we changed the movie Factory interface so that it wasn't organized around genre type.
It was instead organized around Hollywood or Bollywood movie.
This forced us to violate the segregate interface segregation principle by have the return null for
one.
But what Adel also did was we only had have one movie method Forget Hollywood movie passed and the type
for the factory and we turned either a Hollywood action or Hollywood comedy.
So we modified the the Abstract Factories to do this.
We did the same for Bollywood.
We had a modifier factory producer that instead of trying to get the correct factory for action or comedy
we just got it based on Hollywood or Bollywood and then we modified our client to reflect all of that
to create the call to get factory with a Hollywood movie and then to get the right action a comedy with
action or comedy parameters so many ways to implement this.
Again I understand both ways organizing around genre type comedy or action and in that case you don't
have as many parameter passing as you passed.
You call correct methods or organize around movie type Hollywood or Bollywood.
Thank you.